docs(changelog): add doc for rxjs multicasting (#38479)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/observables.md

<code-example path="observables/src/multicasting.ts" region="multicast_sequence" header="Create a multicast subscriber"></code-example>

> ### Multicasting with subject

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Multicasting with a subject
```

> In RxJS, a Subject is a special type of Observable that allows values to be multicasted to many Observers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In RxJS, a `subject` is a special type of observable that allows values to be multicast to many Observers.
```

> In the following example, several observers receive the same current-page value emitted by the Subject. Each one handles the received value differently to log the current-page value, the next-page value, and the previous-page value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, the `subject` emits the same current-page value to several observers. 
Each observer handles the received value differently when logging the current-page value, the next-page value, and the previous-page value.
```
